Linux
------------
Definition: 
1)It is a open-source operating system, it is the software that directly manages the system's hardware and resources like 
  CPU, Memory and Storage. It manages the communication between the software and the hardware.
2) Linux is a open-source operating system known for its stability, security and flexibility.

Q) What is Kernel?
A Kernel is considered as the main component of the Linux OS. It is simply a resouce manager that 
  acts as a bridge between hardware and software. Its main role is to manage hardware resources for 
  users and is generally used to provide an interface for user-level interaction.
Reference Image: https://s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/myinterviewtrainer-domestic/public_assets/assets/000/000/305/original/linux_kernel.png?1618826715

Q) What is Bash?
BASH(Bourne Again Shell)
Bash is a versatile and powerful shell and scripting language that provides a way to interact
  with Unix-based operating systems.
It allows users to execute commands, perform complex operations and automate tasks.
It can also read and execute the commands from a file, which is called a shell script.
 
Q) Types of Linux User Mode?
1)Command Line
2)GUI

Q) What is LILO?
LILO (Linux Loader) is basically a bootloader for Linux that is used to load Linux 
  into memory and start the OS. 

Q) What is Swap Space?
It is considered as the substitute for physical memory/RAM. It is a space on a hard disk.
  Its main function is to substitute disk space for RAM memory when real RAM does not 
  have enough space to hold all programs that are executing.

Q) What do you mean by a Process States in Linux?
1)New/Ready: In this state, a new process is created and is ready to run.
2)Running: In this state, the process is being executed.
3)Blocked/Wait: In this state, the process is waiting for input from the user and if doesn't have resources to run such as memory, file locks, input, then it can remain in a waiting or blocked state.
4)Terminated/Completed: In this state, the process has completed the execution or terminated by the OS.
5)Zombie: In this state, the process is terminated but information regarding the process still exists and is available in the process table.

Q)  What is Linux Shell? What types of Shells are there in Linux?
Linux shell is a user interface present between user and kernel. It is used for executing commands and communication with Linux OS. Linux shell is basically a program used by users for executing commands.
  It accepts human-readable commands as input and converts them into kernel understandable language.
  Different Types of Shells:
    a)CSH (C Shell)
    b)KSH (K Shell)
    c)BASH (Bourne Again Shell)
    d)Bourne Shell

Q) Different types of modes used in VI Editor?
1) Command Mode
2) Insertion Mode
3) Executable Mode

Q)  What is a maximum length for a filename under Linux?
The maximum length for a filename under Linux is 255 bytes.

Q) What are file permissions in Linux? Name different types of file systems in Linux
There are three owners in the Linux System i.e., user, group, and others. These owners have three types of permissions defined as listed below: 

Read (r): It allows the user to open and read the file or list the directory. 
Write (w): It allows the user to open and modify the file. One can also add new files to the directory. 
Execute (x): It allows the user to execute or run the file.  One can also lookup a specific file within a directory.

Reference Img: https://s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/myinterviewtrainer-domestic/public_assets/assets/000/000/304/original/Linux_System_Architecture.png?1618826318
