Linux
------------
Definition: 
1)It is a open-source operating system, it is the software that directly manages the system's hardware and resources like 
  CPU, Memory and Storage. It manages the communication between the software and the hardware.
2) Linux is a open-source operating system known for its stability, security and flexibility.

Q) What is Kernel?
A Kernel is considered as the main component of the Linux OS. It is simply a resouce manager that 
  acts as a bridge between hardware and software. Its main role is to manage hardware resources for 
  users and is generally used to provide an interface for user-level interaction.
Reference Image: https://s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/myinterviewtrainer-domestic/public_assets/assets/000/000/305/original/linux_kernel.png?1618826715

Q) What is Bash?
BASH(Bourne Again Shell)
Bash is a versatile and powerful shell and scripting language that provides a way to interact
  with Unix-based operating systems.
It allows users to execute commands, perform complex operations and automate tasks.
It can also read and execute the commands from a file, which is called a shell script.
 
Q) Types of Linux User Mode?
1)Command Line
2)GUI

Q) What is LILO?
LILO (Linux Loader) is basically a bootloader for Linux that is used to load Linux 
  into memory and start the OS. 

Q) What is Swap Space?
It is considered as the substitute for physical memory/RAM. It is a space on a hard disk.
  Its main function is to substitute disk space for RAM memory when real RAM does not 
  have enough space to hold all programs that are executing.

Q) What do you mean by a Process States in Linux?
1)New/Ready: In this state, a new process is created and is ready to run.
2)Running: In this state, the process is being executed.
3)Blocked/Wait: In this state, the process is waiting for input from the user and if doesn't have resources to run such as memory, file locks, input, then it can remain in a waiting or blocked state.
4)Terminated/Completed: In this state, the process has completed the execution or terminated by the OS.
5)Zombie: In this state, the process is terminated but information regarding the process still exists and is available in the process table.

Q)  What is Linux Shell? What types of Shells are there in Linux?
Linux shell is a user interface present between user and kernel. It is used for executing commands and communication with Linux OS. Linux shell is basically a program used by users for executing commands.
  It accepts human-readable commands as input and converts them into kernel understandable language.
  Different Types of Shells:
    a)CSH (C Shell)
    b)KSH (K Shell)
    c)BASH (Bourne Again Shell)
    d)Bourne Shell

Q) Different types of modes used in VI Editor?
1) Command Mode
2) Insertion Mode
3) Executable Mode

Q)  What is a maximum length for a filename under Linux?
The maximum length for a filename under Linux is 255 bytes.

Q) What are file permissions in Linux? Name different types of file systems in Linux
There are three owners in the Linux System i.e., user, group, and others. These owners have three types of permissions defined as listed below: 

Read (r): It allows the user to open and read the file or list the directory. 
Write (w): It allows the user to open and modify the file. One can also add new files to the directory. 
Execute (x): It allows the user to execute or run the file.  One can also lookup a specific file within a directory.

Reference Img: https://s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/myinterviewtrainer-domestic/public_assets/assets/000/000/304/original/Linux_System_Architecture.png?1618826318

Q) What is the difference between the Cron and Anacron?
Cron: It is a program in Linux that is used to execute tasks at a scheduled time. It works effectively on machines that run continuously. 
Anacron: It is a program in Linux that is used to execute tasks at certain intervals. It works effectively on machines that are powered off in a day or week. 

            Cron	                                                                      Anacron 
    It is a daemon.	                                                          It is not a daemon. 
    It can be scheduled by any normal user. 	                                It can only be used by super users.
    It is considered ideal for servers. 	                                    It is considered ideal for desktops and laptops.
    It expects the system to run 24*7	                                        It does not expect the system to run 24*7
    Its minimum granularity is in minutes. 	                                  Its minimum granularity is only in days
    It is used to execute scheduled commands.	                                It is used to execute commands periodically.

Q)  What do you mean by Shell Script?
 It simply allows the execution of different commands that are entered in the shell.  It generally helps you to 
  create complex programs containing conditional statements, loops, and functions.
It is very easy to debug, can simplify everyday automation processes, and is much quicker as compared to writing big programs.

Q) What is INODE and Process Id?
INODE: It is a unique name given to each file by OS. Each inode has a unique inode number within a file system. It stores various information about files in Linux such as ownership, file size, file type, access mode, number of links, etc.  

Process Id (Identifier): It is a unique Id given to each process. It is simply used to uniquely identify an active process throughout the system until the process terminates

Q) Name the first process that is started by the kernel in Linux and what is its process id?
The first process started by the kernel in Linux is “init” and its process id is 1

Q) What is CLI and GUI?
CLI (Command Line Interface): It is a command line program that usually accepts text as input to execute or run functions of the OS.
GUI (Graphical User Interface): It is a Human commputer interface that allows users to interact with the electronic devices through graphical icons and visual indicators.

All the user commands are in bin folder.
All the attached hard disk files that are present in dev folder.
All the configuration files are stored in etc folder.
All the users related data is stored in home folder.
If you want to install any third party softwares like chrome or ... those are kept in opt folder.
The proc folder contains all the virtual data i.e process running on the server and related info. The size of this folder is 0.
All the logs related in the server are stored in var folder. Logs are very useful in realtime to resolve the issues.
    The log files will return the exact reason that where the problem occured.
To login into the root user use : #sudo su -
if we perform the touch command on the exisiting file it will changes the file creation time.

Linux Distribution:
-------------------
A Linux distribution is an OS made through a software collection that contains the Linux kernel and a package management system often.

Distribution	            Why To Use
-------------          ------------------------
UBuntu	              It works like Mac OS and easy to use.
Linux mint	          It works like windows and should be use by new comers.
Debian	              It provides stability but not recommended to a new user.
Fedora	              If you want to use red hat and latest software.
Red hat enterprise	  To be used commercially.
CentOS	              If you want to use red hat but without its trademark.
OpenSUSE	            It works same as Fedora but slightly older and more stable.
Arch Linux	          It is not for the beginners because every package has to be installed by yourself


https://www.interviewbit.com/linux-interview-questions/?sign_up_medium=ib_article_auth_blocker/
